feat(sdk-logs): make dropping attribute print message (#4614)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: experimental/CHANGELOG.md

### :rocket: (Enhancement)

* feat(otlp-transformer): consolidate scope/resource creation in transformer [#4600](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/4600)

> * feat(sdk-logs): make dropping attribute print message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* feat(sdk-logs): print message when attributes are dropped due to attribute count limit [#4614](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/4614) @HyunnoH
```
